Feature/all config (#4)
cimnine/ansible-jitsi-meet-role: README.md

ansible-playbook -K -i jitsi.ini jitsi.yml
```

## Configuration

> Jitsi-meet can be configured from this ansible-role. To do so, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Jitsi Meet_ can be configured from this Ansible role. To do so, the
```

> `config.js` from upstream will be replaced by a file managed by this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file `/etc/jitsi/meet/{{ jitsi_domain }}-config.js` from the upstream package will be replaced by a file managed by this
```

role.

> Enable this behaviour with the setting: `use_custom_jitsi_config_vars:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this behaviour define the variable `use_custom_jitsi_config_vars` and set it to `yes`.
```

> yes`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

I.e. add the last line of the following example to your `jitsi.ini`:

```ini
# jitsi.ini
[jitsi]
my-jitsi-server.com jitsi_domain=my-jitsi-server.com certbot_admin_email=admin@my-jitsi-server.com
[jitsi:vars]
ansible_user=ubuntu
ansible_become=yes
apt_mirror=http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu # change to the mirror you already use
certbot_enabled=yes
jitsi_nat=no
use_custom_jitsi_config_vars=yes  # manage your jitsi config through this role

` ` ` (remove the spaces between the backticks)
```

Then, set all required config variables. The defaults can be found in
file `defaults/main.yml` of the role. All variables must be provided,
not just those that you want to override! Pay attention to empty
variables such as `analytics: {}`: due to the way Jitsi works, this has
to be an empty object, and cannot be null.

All settings, their values, usage and effect are documented
in [jitsi-meet config.js](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet/blob/stable/jitsi-meet_4101/config.js).

> An incomplete example is:

Reviewer: I suggest that we put the default file here. I.e. what currently ships with `jitsi-web-config`. Or put differently: What you have added in the `defaults/main.yml` for `jitsi_config`, minus the commented lines.

So that the example becomes a _complete_ example, even though it's minimal. Because I believe incomplete examples are not helpful for beginners.

Author: I'll do that. 

however, the reasons that I did not, was threefold:

* I want to make sure people read the defaults.
* I want to make sure that copy-pasting this version probably breaks your setup. 
* I want to ensure we have only one place to maintain the required vars. If we copy it to README, that must be maintained as well as defaults.yml. Forget one, and you introduce copy-paste errors for users.

Reviewer: > I want to ensure we have only one place to maintain the required vars. If we copy it to README, that must be maintained as well as defaults.yml. Forget one, and you introduce copy-paste errors for users.

That's a good point. And that's the tradeoff. I hope in this case that the bare minimum does not change too often.

Author: > does not change too often.

Here's for hoping: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet/commits/master/config.js

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```

jitsi_config:
  hosts:
    domain: "{{ jitsi_domain }}"
    muc: "conference.{{ jitsi_domain }}"
  bosh: "//{{ jitsi_domain }}/http-bind"
  clientNode: "http://jitsi.org/jitsimeet"
  testing:
    enableFirefoxMulticast: true # Defaults to false
```

> NOTE: the requirements of config.js may change at any moment when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:
The requirements of `config.js` may change at any moment when
```

> updating jitsi-meet, upstream is not very comunnicatative about this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
updating `jitsi-meet` through `apt`. The upstream project is not very communicative about this.
```

Could you keep each sentence together on one line and only split lines after a comma or point?

E.g.:

```markdown
NOTE:
The requirements of `config.js` may change at any moment when updating `jitsi-meet`.
The upstream project is not very communicative about this.
```

> Check with any CHANGELOG, and announcements about new required values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check with any CHANGELOG and announcements of the _Jitsi Meet_ project about newly required values
```

before you update.

> NOTE: the structure is case-sensitive and follows the exact variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE:
The structure is case-sensitive and follows the exact variable names of the
```

> settings in config.js. So `webrctIceUdpDisable` is *not* the same as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
settings in `config.js`. So, for example, `webrctIceUdpDisable` is very different to
```

`WebRTCIceUDPDisable`. Jitsi is inconsistent in its naming of variables

> (e.g. It mixes `URL` and `Url` at random), so pay attention to the exact name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g. it mixes `URL` and `Url` at random), so pay attention to the exact name.
```
